=head1 NAME

WebService::FileCloud - filecloud.io WebService API

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use WebService::FileCloud;

  $websvc = WebService::FileCloud->new( akey => 'apikey',
                                        username => 'username',
                                        password => 'password' );

  $result = $websvc->fetch_apikey();

  # you should check for HTTP request / usage errors first
  if ( !$result ) {

    die( $websvc->error() );
  }

  # check for filecloud.io errors in response
  if ( $result->{'status'} eq 'error' ) {

    die( $result->{'message'} );
  }

  $akey = $result->{'akey'};

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<WebService::FileCloud> is a module to communicate with the L<http://filecloud.io> API.
Documentation for their API is available at L<https://code.google.com/p/filecloud/>.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

=over4

=item new ( OPTIONS )

Creates a new B<WebService::FileCloud> object with the arguments given.  All arguments
are optional, but may be required depending upon the API methods executed.

=over 4

=item akey =E<gt> APIKEY

The API key provided to your account by filecloud.io.  This can be determined via the
B<fetch_apikey()> method if you provided your B<username> and B<password> of the
account.  Many methods require this argument to be specified.

=item username =E<gt> USERNAME

The username for your account.  The only method that requires this is
B<fetch_apikey()>.  Must also be provided with B<password>.

=item password =E<gt> PASSWORD

The password for your account.  The only method that requires this is
B<fetch_apikey()>.  Must also be provided with B<username>.

=back

=head1 METHODS

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<LWP::UserAgent>,
L<JSON>

L<http://filecloud.io> and L<https://code.google.com/p/filecloud/>

=head1 AUTHOR

Mitch McCracken E<lt>mrmccrac@gmail.comE<gt>

=cut
